We're rescuing ya.
You, minion. Lift my arm. AFTER HIM! And until then, I can never die? OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can. So, how 'bout them Knicks? Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain.

That's right, baby. I ain't your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him! And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!

I don't want to be rescued.
I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… Fatal. Bender, we're trying our best. Who are those horrible orange men?

Why would I want to know that?
That's not soon enough!
No. We're on the top
I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day.
Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. We're rescuing ya. When I was first asked to make a film about my nephew, Hubert Farnsworth, I thought "Why should I?" Then later, Leela made the film. But if I did make it, you can bet there would have been more topless women on motorcycles. Roll film!

Say it in Russian!
I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself.
I'll tell them you went down prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger.
There's no part of that sentence I didn't like! Ugh, it's filthy! Why not create a National Endowment for Strip Clubs while we're at it? Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me the death penalty?

One hundred dollars. Of all the friends I've had… you're the first. It's toe-tappingly tragic! Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun?

Oh God, what have I done? I've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, I'm going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Now 'I'' have to pay ''them'!

They're like sex, except I'm having them! Throw her in the brig. You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit! Your best is an idiot!

I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan! Hey! I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think? Guess again. No, of course not. It was… uh… porno. Yeah, that's it.

This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me! Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose. I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors!

Throw her in the brig. Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family. I'll tell them you went down prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger. Oh, but you can. But you may have to metaphorically make a deal with the devil. And by "devil", I mean Robot Devil. And by "metaphorically", I mean get your coat.

Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon. No, just a regular mistake. Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing.

Take me to your leader! What's with you kids? Every other day it's food, food, food. Alright, I'll get you some stupid food. Throw her in the brig. I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan! I could if you hadn't turned on the light and shut off my stereo.

Fry, we have a crate to deliver. Ugh, it's filthy! Why not create a National Endowment for Strip Clubs while we're at it? Now that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions?

And I'm his friend Jesus. Or a guy who burns down a bar for the insurance money! Large bet on myself in round one. Professor, make a woman out of me. There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors!